c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\RibbonModifier.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\RibbonModifier.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.ServerRuntime.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Web.CommandUI.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Extensions.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.BusinessData.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Security.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Taxonomy.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.Server.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Portal.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Publishing.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.Server.UserProfiles.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.ResourceStorage.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Applications.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.Common.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Connector.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.AnalysisServices.AdomdClient.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.Excel.Server.WebServices.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.DocumentManagement.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.Policy.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.UserProfiles.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.SecureStoreService.Server.Security.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.Excel.Server.Udf.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.BusinessData.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Security.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Taxonomy.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.Server.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Portal.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.SharePoint.Publishing.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.Server.UserProfiles.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Connector.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.DocumentManagement.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\Microsoft.Office.Policy.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\obj\Release\RibbonModifier.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\obj\Release\RibbonModifier.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RibbonModifier\RibbonModifier\obj\Release\RibbonModifier.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
